read the National da festival in atlanta
georgia and we're here with patricia
Cabrera she's a Brazilian doll artists
who listen dr. liya and she's kind of
doing something new and innovative
making Bulger Nadal's horse laughs so
we're going to talk to her a little bit
about her background as a doll maker and
what she does so how long do people make
he tells well I started about six years
ago on the doll making however I was
making a okay one of a kind o so the
polymer que IR clay and also marionettes
those were being sculpted of wood a
combination of polymer clay it was
Arnold about two years ago I had an
opportunity to own one of those
regenerator ball jointed dolls and I
started thinking about making a poor
soil and I was already a familiar of the
medium because for many years I have
been doing a pottery and porcelain was
one of my name so basically already had
others like the shop are killing while
understanding of the medium
also want to sculpt the dollar so I feel
that it be all you need to do is salable
to create develop my own doll in
especially the joints this is no that's
probably what I had the most do is the
in took about a year and a half forgot
to comments and my own design and jeers
learn about more maintained after that
and just now recently that I do I
developed my own doll that's kind of a
long time to a stick with something what
drove you to know keep trying until you
got it just right hmm i think it's um
that goes back my personality and the
fact that I guess because I was a
ballerina and when you were that that
kind of or artistic mind and you are
always striving to do your best and to
perfect it out what you're doing I love
a challenge and that this was a big big
challenge for me I really didn't know
that I was easy to me I was able to
finish the doll in it was a process my
first don't do not look like going great
they want to see here I have some of the
first dog something I first joined there
was there are several different you
treatments that were necessary any
justice am I work to find a mentor to
find a dull so I don't know I I wanted
to see the doll done
I didn't think sometimes she quit but
and then you know it was just a matter
of setting aside you being refreshed a
vegetable Jackson's in kanchanaburi
happy and you have an artistic
background in other meetings types of
art right there yes um I have been a
staple food and I have done would oh joy
oil painting that probably was my first
represents gift is a young child I do pt
societics five years old as I remember
but our oil paintings would be a problem
in my first comedian and I continued do
I fight backdrops for theatre very power
to bring improvement affordable nothing
directly okay so was this the most
challenging do you think about the
artistic endeavors yes I definitely out
definitely say so because it Jenny crude
although I could have sculpted all I
could create you know I can create an
original dog but it was very difficult
for me to create to learn how to unlock
the mold maker and there was no one out
there that could do it for them so I
really had to learn and as I picked up
Bob since the reading I learned it would
warm the book things on the Whirlpool
really though I don't know necessary for
reals works so I've made a lot of
staying home even if you get out both
those to the joint this your joint some
of my most five for us then to figured
out that it took me a long time it was
just you know really challenge I would
say that was probably the most
challenging for
I always to learn how to make the homes
and play one real and so you have two
skulls
I have to I have isabella is my first
off in Alexa vinum right now working in
an african-american and another have two
other dolls actually you know they don't
have names yet ok so I'll be three when
will we be able to see them yes i'm
hoping the padding of the year I'll be
able to have perhaps three were probably
two new those it takes six weeks for me
to make you one though so it's a long
process and I I don't think that I can
make more than twenty-five dollars are
going to be a very limited edition of
the dogs I think that I said go I will
discontinue and creating your dose
because i love you know to make the
noodles in to do stuff so this is your
first I'll show together and what do you
think oh I love it I just I'm thrilled
to be here I have met incredible artists
and suppliers I have a sharp a lot and
it's been wonderful experience for me
and especially because I never did this
before I've never have never even
visited all shot before so I'm from the
part of staying in my farm in the studio
locked up yeah now out in the world and
I think this is only the first one i'm
really looking at in being excited to
come to other shows and participants
will learn more about market and seeing
all their honesty with your head space
possible thanks for taking your time
that I shared